# User Configuration

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"; import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

The user config options are: Long Name, Short Name, and Is Licensed. User config uses an admin message sending a `User` protobuf.

### User Config Values

#### Long Name

A personalized name for your device.

Auto-generated by default.

If you are a licensed HAM operator and have enabled `IsLicensed`, this should be set to your HAM operator call sign.

#### Short Name

A personalized short identifier for your device.

Auto-generated by default.

#### Is Licensed (HAM)

If you are a licensed HAM operator and have considered the privileges and restrictions of using Meshtastic with a HAM license, enable this flag.

Disabled by default.

By enabling `IsLicensed`, you should also review the following related configurations:

* **User:** `LongName` (Should be your Call Sign)
* **Channel:** `PSK` (Should be Empty, removing encryption)

\<Tabs groupId="settings" defaultValue="cli" values={\[ {label: 'Android', value: 'android'}, {label: 'Apple', value: 'apple'}, {label: 'CLI', value: 'cli'}, {label: 'Web', value: 'web'}, ]}>

:::info

All User config options are available for Android.

1. Open the Meshtastic App
2. Navigate to: **Vertical Ellipsis (3 dots top right) > Radio Configuration > User**

:::

:::info All User config options are available on iOS, iPadOS and macOS at `Settings > Radio Configuration > User`. :::

:::info

All User config options are available in the python CLI. Example commands are below:

:::

Please see instructions for Enabling HAM License

:::tip

Because the device will reboot after each command is sent via CLI, it is recommended when setting multiple values in a config section that commands be chained together as one.

```shell
meshtastic --set-owner 'your node name' --set-owner-short  'NODE'
```

:::

```shell
meshtastic --set-owner 'your node name'
```

```shell
meshtastic --set-owner-short  'NODE'
```

```shell
meshtastic  --set-ham 'CALLSIGN'
```

:::info All User config options are available in the Web UI. :::
